couldn’t have been more thrilled—and my mother cried for what felt like hours.
I can’t deny that I was proud that all my hard work had finally paid off. I got into
the only college I applied for and, because of our low income, I have enough
grants to keep my student loans to a minimum. I had once, for just a moment,
considered leaving Washington for college. But seeing all the color drain from
my mother’s face at the suggestion, and the way she paced around the living
room for nearly an hour, I told her I really hadn’t been serious about that.
The moment I step into the spray of shower water some of the tension leaves
my strained muscles. I’m standing here, under the hot water, trying to calm my
mind, but really doing the opposite, and I get so distracted that by the time I
finally wash my hair and body, I barely have enough hot water to run a razor
over my legs from the knees down.
As I wrap the towel around my wet body, my mother calls my name yet again.
Knowing that it’s her nerves getting the best of her, I give her some leeway but
take the time to blow-dry my hair. I know that she’s anxious for my arrival day
at college, but I have had this day planned down to the hour for months. Only
one of us can be a nervous wreck, and I need to do what I can to make sure it’s
not me by following my plan.
My hands shake as I fumble with the zipper on my dress. I don’t care for the
thing, but my mother insisted that I wear it. I finally win the battle with the
zipper, and pull my favorite sweater from the back of my closet door. As soon as
I’m dressed, I feel slightly less nervous, until I notice a small tear on the sleeve
of my sweater. I toss it back onto my bed and slip my shoes onto my feet,
knowing that my mother is growing more impatient with every second that
passes.
My boyfriend, Noah, will be here soon to ride up with us. He’s a year younger
than me but will turn eighteen soon. He’s brilliant and has straight A’s just like I
did, and—I’m so excited—he’s planning on joining me at WCU next year. I
really wish he was coming now, especially considering that I won’t know a
single person at college, but I’m thankful that he’s promised to visit as often as
possible. I just need a decent roommate; that’s the only thing I’m asking for and
the only thing I can’t control with my planning.
“Ther-e-saaaa!”
“Mother, I am coming down now. Please do not scream my name again!” I
yell as I walk down the stairs. Noah is sitting at the table across from my mother,
staring down at the watch on his wrist. The blue of his polo shirt matches the
light blue of his eyes, and his blond hair is combed and lightly gelled to
perfection.
“Hey, college girl.” He smiles a bright, perfectly lined smile as he stands. He